Get started with Bencher in 4 steps not 18

The latest Bencher release (`v0.5.0`) added a subtle yet powerful feature. Bencher users can now track their benchmark results without having to create an account. No signup, no login, no API token. Just `bencher run` and a plot of your benchmark results is waiting for you in your browser.

The previous "Quick Start" guide wasn't so quick. It was 18 steps end-to-end! The new version of this guide released last night is just 4 steps:

1. Install the `bencher` CLI
2. Check that the `bencher` CLI is installed
3. Select your benchmark harness
4. Track your benchmark results

Yep, that's it. Just 4 steps.

Part of the reason the old "Quick Start" guide was so long was that I really wanted users to get to their "Aha!" moment. The "Aha!" moment is when a user realizes the value of your product. It's the moment when they say "Wow! This is awesome! I really need to use this!". For Bencher, I thought that the "Aha!" moment was seeing a performance regression getting detected, so I setup the "Quick Start" guide to get users to that point. Credit to @emilyomier for introducing me to the concept of the "Aha!" moment.

The problem was I got the "Aha!" moment wrong. The "Aha!" moment for new Bencher users is not seeing a performance regression getting detected. It's seeing _their own_ benchmark results in a plot. That's what they wanted to see. That's what they were looking for when they signed up for Bencher Cloud. They didn't want to see a performance regression generated using mock data. They wanted to see their own benchmark results being plotted without having to learn `gnuplot`.

Around the same time that I was coming to this realization, I also read @adamfrankl's insightful book "The Developer Facing Startup". In it, he distinguishes between "free and anonymous" and "free account" dev tools, and he implores founders to build "free and anonymous" dev tools that provide value before "upselling" them to a "free account". This then became the driving vision for the 4-step "Quick Start" guide.

Originally, I thought allowing "free and anonymous" usage was going to be a huge engineering effort. With a little bit of clever engineering and only a very minor change to the database schema (https://github.com/bencherdev/bencher/commit/a8697bbbced5cff2ead6acb03d7796844bdd8049), I was able to make it work.

The new "Quick Start" guide is available at: https://bencher.dev/docs/quick-start
The details on how "free and anonymous" usage works is available here: https://bencher.dev/docs/how-to/claim

Thank you to all of the users who gave honest feedback like @joshmck https://github.com/bencherdev/bencher/issues/392\
I still send a welcome email by hand to every new Bencher Cloud user asking for feedback. The above insights would not have been possible without their candid feedback. I really appreciate it.

Performance bugs are bugs!
Everett
